J: So the question could be, can there be such a thing as an immanent Leviathan (ie the idea that laws and constraints are in fact higher in anarchism, but are internalised/distributed, instead of imposed from above)?

S: It seems to me like there's two questions here: i. can the retributive power of a leviathan be effectively distributed among a population (perhaps via a Foucauldian mechanism) to the point that a centralised body dispensed with, and ii. is it possible for social organisation / coordinated group action to arise in the absense of any retributive power structure whatsoever, whether centralised or distributed. As I understand it anarchism is typically after the kind of scenario represented by the latter.

These various options could be considered in terms of different attitudes toward contracts. The transcendent leviathan is like a business contract where parties can appeal to a higher power to punish a party they feel has not met its terms. An immanent leviathan is like an ad hoc contract between peers, where punishment for breaking the terms can only be served by other parties of the contract, perhaps via mechanisms like social exclusion, getting labelled a flake, etc. The third option - no leviathan at all - is like a situation in which a group aims at a goal (and this could be anything from a moral or political goal to a physical project) while deliberately avoiding contractual obligations of any sort. It is understood that statements of intent do not carry implicit commitments, and anyone can change their mind at any moment without incurring penalties. Realisation of the goal is entirely dependent on the presence of a sufficient alignment of desire at any moment it is relevant.
